---
{"date-created":"Tue Nov 28 2023 06:41:33 GMT-0800 (Pacific Standard Time)"}
---
# November 28 2023

Still quite pleased with my note taking app. I slip into it in the mornings, feels very comfy already. 

## Cyberpunk Anthology

https://www.rudyrucker.com/mirrorshades/HTML/

idea: auto generate a comic book from this text

## Painting

Painting with Greg and Rosanne today
 
 - palm sander
 - face masks
 - coffee
 - headphones
 - Bike Light
---


- idea: words that begin with @ generate a new section until the next three dashes
- these can be extracted / bound together with other sections with the same keywords
- should be trivial to extract these and append them to another file. 
- Problem: what happens when a section is edited? I wonder if I could do something like: 
```@link autogenerated-link-id```


---

# Navigating between files

Ctrl-1-9 

---

Abstracting LNSY EDIT into a component: 

Currently LNSY EDIT is spread out into an HTML page. Rework this code into a single html component called "editor-component" that takes an ID. Goal: I should be able to have 10 editors on the same page that I can switch between with Ctrl-1-9

---

Two UP or Toggle? 

Three up? One with a 3d view?

---

#3d-view

How would a 3D View display markdown?

Each section a separate triangle? Clickable. Could I use stable diffusion to generate an icon? What prompts would I use?

---

#budget

How much is Adobe every Month? 
How to handle a budget? JSON with item, amount, etc. Markdown with notes.

---

#job-search

Talk to Greg Today about Web Dev company

Emailed Matt, need to hit up some recruiters

---

#server

Syncing Files -- maybe I should just use dropbox? Or just a central server. 

---

#authorization-workflow

I have already built a workflow -- need to find it in my notes

Basically a route 



